[NB-1564] Add notebook environment public drop-ins (#720)
datarobot/datarobot-user-models: public_dropin_notebook_environments/r_notebook/README.md

> # R Notebook Drop-In Template Environment

Author: @mx-iao Please review

This template environment can be used to create custom R notebook environments.

## Supported Libraries

> This environment has been built for R and supported libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This environment has been built for R and includes commonly used OSS machine learning and data science R packages.
```
